Update NATS and RabbitMQ BBE descriptions (#3758)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-distribution: examples/rabbitmq-sync-consumer/rabbitmq_sync_consumer.md

# RabbitMQ client - Consume message

> The RabbitMQ client allows fetching individual messages one by one from the server. A RabbitMQ client is created by passing the host and port of the RabbitMQ broker. To pull messages, use `consumePayload` or `consumeMessage` method which requires the queue name as the argument. Messages are fetched in the FIFO order. It is possible to use automatic or manual acknowledgments, similar to consumer services. Use  it to pull messages one by one from a queue in RabbitMQ server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The RabbitMQ client allows fetching individual messages one by one from the server. A RabbitMQ client is created by passing the host and port of the RabbitMQ broker. To pull messages, use the `consumePayload` or `consumeMessage` method, which requires the queue name as the argument. Messages are fetched in the FIFO order. It is possible to use automatic or manual acknowledgments similar to consumer services. Use it to pull messages one by one from a queue in the RabbitMQ server.
```

> In the messaging model of RabbitMQ, the producer sends messages, a queue is a buffer that stores messages and the consumer receives messages. In this example, the messages from the pre-declared queue OrderQueue are consumed using a Ballerina RabbitMQ client. A `rabbitmq:Client` can be created with the default host and port or with custom configurations. With the client, it is possible to fetch messages one by one using the functions `consumePayload` or `consumeMessage`. Messages are fetched in the FIFO order. It is possible to use automatic or manual acknowledgments, just like with consumer services.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the messaging model of RabbitMQ, the producer sends messages, a queue is a buffer that stores messages and the consumer receives messages. In this example, the messages from the pre-declared queue OrderQueue are consumed using a Ballerina RabbitMQ client. A `rabbitmq:Client` can be created with the default host and port or with custom configurations. With the client, it is possible to fetch messages one by one using the functions `consumePayload` or `consumeMessage`. Messages are fetched in the FIFO order. It is possible to use automatic or manual acknowledgments, similar to consumer services.
```
